Side navigation variant for Discourse markup (#3052)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/layouts/documentation.md

The aside area should contain the [side navigation component](/docs/patterns/navigation#side-navigation) with a list of all documentation pages. Grouping and nesting of navigation items should be used to build the logical structure of the documentation navigation. The side navigation component has built-in responsive functionality which makes it appear / go offscreen using a toggle.

> If the backend that generates documentation navigation contents doesn't allow adding custom class names required by side navigation Vanilla component a [raw HTML variant of the pattern](/docs/patterns/navigation#raw-html) can be used to style basic HTML lists of links.

Reviewer: Proposed rewording to make it use active voice```suggestion
If the contents of the side navigation are generated in a way that doesn't provide the specific class names required by Vanilla, use a [raw HTML variant of the pattern](/docs/patterns/navigation#raw-html) to style the basic HTML lists of links.
```
